done:inventory system - top priority.
dungeon/combat system - you choose the floor you want to enter, and there's no limit, a lvl 1 can enter floor 100 if he wants, but will die of course. you will not be attacked by an enemy unless you approach one, in which case they will throw the first hit. after defeating a certain amount of enemies on a floor, bossfight. turn-based: you get a turn to attack/run/use potion, and then the enemy goes.
shop - well, add items other than a sword. the items being sold are around the player's level.
dad NPC - approaches you on the street, aggressively brings you to his house, shoves his backstory down your throat without you asking. backstory is timed and cannot be reread once time is up. you are then quizzed on his backstory. have some consequence and reward for passing and failing quiz. also has shitty puns.
the Arcanist - sells the only magical items in the city. wands, pendants/charms, spell books, magical potions, etc. looks like what you'd expect a wizard to look like, old, has a tall hat, long silver hair, robe, wand, beard, glasses, ridiculous shoes, smells like peppermint. despite his age, he moves as if he were young, not arthritic and crusty. says exactly what he means, and means exactly what he says. will not answer questions immediately, but never says "uh um like". will not speak of his past, but leaves subtle hints about it which leave intrigue the player.
an herbalist - sells health/mana/poison potions, sense-heightening potions that increase dodge and crit rate. sells betel nuts that temporarily increase your mana capacity, mead to recover mana.
tavern - community place, can buy drinks that restore health or something, can also talk with various people.
give player more statistics: crit rate, crit damage, dodge rate, luck, etc.
quests - there will be some form of currency that can only be obtained by completing quests, and can be exchanged for valuable rewards.
pets and pet store - dogs, birds, Quetzalcoatl, mythical creatures.
dungeon janitor - between rounds of fighting things in the dungeon, there will be little messages like "the janitor scrubs a blood stain off a wall", "the janitor glares at you for making more work for him", "the janitor hauls a goblin corpse to a chute in the wall, you hear logs snap and fire pop as it lands in the crematory"
an "outside the town" - forest. can hunt animals (and fight larger predators), gather herbs to sell to herbalist, and there might be an occasional encounter of a magical nymph or large axolotl. This takes place in a magical world so it makes sense. if the player's class is a ranger, higher chance of finding herbs. also knows how to make medicines with them.
storyteller - an extremely old man, with silver hair. most of the time is occuppied with meditating or something, but if you do manage to find him idle, he will tell of the old days. will need to make a story for this. provides no rewards or anything, just the stories.
player's house - has storage space for items the player doesn't want to carry around. the storage space in this house will function like an inventory, except this one is by number of items, not by weight. can also recover health by sleeping.
color code the text.
whatever else makes it more fun. while maintaining simplicity
